in this episode of berserk we have more
bloodshed
little kids getting murked and more
destruction
in the wake of the black swordsman guts
if you haven't seen the first episode
right here
click the notification at the top right
or in the description or else you'll be
lost
let's see what's in store for this
episode of
so i want to say rest in peace took in
tarou myria
this video was ready a long time ago but
i kept pushing it off
i finally decided to upload but then i
heard that the author of this
magnificent story has passed away
so for miria i would do all of berserk
but in his own special limited series on
my channel
this is good for anybody that doesn't
want to just see berserk for disturbing
comics that way you can get
more than berserk again if you haven't
seen the first video watch that one
first
so this for maria if you want to see
what happens including all the messed up
stuff
stay tuned for the finale of berserk
volume one
[Music]
guts and puck the demonic brand of death
what what'd you do that for i'm not in
the mood to keep
pets and one other thing i don't like
elves
and i don't like you gus you look like
red harlow
relax you look like red dead revolver
head ass you're weak and it pisses me
off
elves just buzz around and talk makes me
wanna squash them
puck screams but gus has a little smirk
on his face walking away
it's starting to rain and a passing
priest is riding by
you need a ride there's no trouble young
man
no leave me be for your own sake
evil spears are chasing me well too bad
young man but we have god on our side
guts figures that if anything happens to
them he won't care and gets on the cart
you look like a mercenary to me young
man well
something like that i don't like that
profession
the priest's nephew was a mercenary as
well
only to die as a nameless soldier who
could have enjoyed life and had a family
but suddenly with scary sharpness in his
voice
what's wrong with that old man he died
doing what he wanted to
no matter what he was happy
once you die that's it nothing comes
after that suddenly though some weird
organism drops inside of the carriage
this organism makes a target have
scary nightmares and gus finds himself
in one
nude and escaping from the demons that
surround him
a huge form of that mass from earlier
is about to destroy him but guts wakes
up from the nightmare
wrestling this thing off him it's an
incubus
some evil spirit that feeds off fear and
causes nightmares
good says that evil spirits are always
after him because of that brand
it bleeds whenever danger is near now
notice how guts
tells the priest and the little girl to
stay inside
yet he would clearly say things like he
doesn't care what happens to people
caught in others battles i'm telling you
guts cares more than even
he knows incubi are born of the mixed
blood and nut
of those fallen from hatred and malice
demons will use corpses to attack
sure enough they are rising from the
ground stupid girl
don't get out of the carriage
collette is impaled by one of the rising
demons
guts knows he has to fight to survive so
he doesn't look any further
still what commences is a deadly battle
between
fallen soldiers and a black swordsman
you can't kill something that's already
dead guts it's pointless
i just have to remind them that they are
better off not moving
[Music]
demons have possessed the little girl's
body and made the corpse
decapitate her father it's kind of a
slap
to the face a little a big point about
the father or
the priest was how he was a man of god
yet god did nothing to stop a demon from
destroying him
and his daughter i'm just saying that's
one way
somebody's gonna look at it for a moment
guts envisions the girl how she was
before
frozen he's so blinded that he lets her
stab
him upon realization he chops the girl's
corpse in half
puck he's in comedic routine right now
but he's very concerned
about guts which is very admirable of
him
yet he continues to put all the
skeletons
back to sleep it's possible that he
fights the entire night
since his morning time once he's done
and the demons retreat
into hell puck tells the former
mercenary
it's not your fault what happened guts
guts laughs at this notion just like how
i laughed at the end of last video when
he went berserk
you're damn right it's not my fault
they were just small fry who couldn't
even fight back
if they want to live their life freely
they need to fight back
so they're better off dead speaking of
the demons issue final warnings of the
night
so long as you have that brand
wherever you are you belong to
us your anger
your sadness your pain
gus desires freedom and won't let fate
itself
take it from him he fires his hand
cannon in the sky
to let the demons know that he'll always
keep fighting
this is the world that guts lives in
puck realizes
i'm sure y'all recognize this frame gus
leaves to go find the next
apostle well that was a great chapter
what we got out of this is that guts is
a very hardened human being
who is always ready to rage war against
life itself
living life freely despite so many
barriers trying to kill him
so it doesn't really seem like he's free
yet but it is what it is
now let's binge watch the next episode
as we get introduced to the count
and his vicious appetite
[Music]
end of the black swordsman arc
the count
[Music]
the accused screams that they aren't a
heretic
that they aren't guilty but their cries
are silenced
as they are beheaded this is the fifth
one this month your excellency
his holiness his holiness all right
this is all for the good of my subjects
so they can live
a peaceful existence the black swordsman
picks up the head of the accused
one of the guards sees guts being
morbidly curious
guts spits in his face and throws the
head all the way up to humpty dumpty up
there
letting humpty know that the apostles
are in danger
you specifically count then he just
breaks someone's face with his metal arm
gus just smiles and twists blood on his
brand
this is who i am meanwhile gus finds
himself speeding through the town with
soldiers at
all ends
we knew how that would end up is it time
to go berserk again
[Music]
what an incredible hunk of metal massive
thicken cuts look out above you
[ __ ] flashes and saves guts from being
shot by
arrows gus dispatches the whole platform
with those fools standing on them
suddenly
everybody gets quiet lord zorndark's
coming
it's lord zandaric lord zondark
that's quite a sword you got there
little ass boy what you gonna do with
that little stick boy
anyway they started fighting just
swanging out here
you ain't got nowhere left to run now
youngin
the force blows back the armor guts
holds the sword with enough strength
that lord zandar's hammer bends back
reducing the hammer to shrapnel
which shreds zondark's face guts just
brutalized dude in front of his
subordinates damn it
there's no end to them suddenly gas
bombs are dropped all over the floor
over here quickly some weird person
calls
guts and puck over and they run away in
surprise
and walk through a different area of the
town people are hiding in their homes
seeing the
black swordsman outside don't mind them
people are a little thing to be feared
in this town oh
here we are well this is some
knowledgeable person
he's got various species trapped in jars
well i don't want to say trapped but
they're in jars puck even finds a female
elf in here
this the goofiest face guts makes so far
quite a collection you have here shorty
i bet if you were accused of being a
heretic
you have a hard time explaining all this
why did you help me
i saw you at the execution grounds today
seems like you want
revenge against the count right
i'm the one asking the questions pug
gives guts
a lesson in class but is freaked out
seeing the face of the retired physician
i can't afford for you to die i want you
to kill the count
i want him to be cut up into tiny little
pieces
for what he did to me he's a demon that
ate
parts of me i know what he is already
i see i have something to show you
this is [ __ ] gus is shocked to see such
a thing
it's an object known as a behelet
whatever such an object is it should be
related to all the apostles
and such that is the end of berserk
volume one
i'm doing straight berserk videos until
we get to volume four by the way
it's not that long like two three more
videos at most
i love berserk excellent story and we
haven't even gotten to the good parts
yet
a hundred percent respect to the resting
mangaka of the story
every single line in shade that was a
result of those hands
is fully appreciated stay tuned for
disturbing comics
crossed family values and berserk
will be a mainstay on the channel yet
also giving more space to other manga
and comics too
so that's why it's his own series thanks
for watching
spooky out